# April 2024

An upgrade to our platform is on the horizon, packed with an array of new
features and enhancements to elevate your experience. Here's a sneak peek
into what's in store:

## Crawlers Filtering by Default

Heads up! With this release, we're implementing crawlers filtering by
default. This means that known crawlers like Googlebot, AppleBot, Yahoo,
and others identified by user agent will be filtered out automatically.
While this may result in a slight decrease in experiment traffic, rest
assured, it won't impact statistics and may even reduce experiment
durations due to lower data variance.

## Feature Flags

Introducing the first iteration of basic feature flags, offering enhanced
flexibility without the constraints of statistical validity.

## Metric Threshold Check

Set upper and/or lower thresholds per metric and receive alerts if a
metric's impact crosses these thresholds.

## Experiment Interaction Detection Check

This check detects and alerts about individual pairs of experiments
interacting. An interaction is detected when an effect larger than
expected is observed for users exposed to a treatment in both experiments.

## Variant Conflict Check

This check identifies and alerts about users exposed to multiple variants
in the same iteration, enabling early detection of potential implementation
issues.

## Dismissable Alerts and Recommended Actions

Easily manage alerts and recommended actions by dismissing them with a
comment.

## JSON Expression Match (Regex) Operator

Filter goal properties and segment filters based on regex expressions for
more precise targeting.

## Role-Based Access Control

Add a policy to a role to limit web console users' visibility of
experiments to those in which they are part of the owners list.

## Goal Property Unique Count

Introducing the goal property unique count metric type, used for tracking
distinct values of a goal property per user.

## Standard Deviation Graph

Visualize standard deviation alongside the mean graph, providing deeper
insights into your data.

## Other Improvements

We've improved the variant split interface for customizing splits in
experiments with multiple variants, enhancing usability and efficiency.

## Maintenance Window

The upgrade is scheduled for **Thursday, April 11th, from 10:00 AM to 12:00 PM**.
As with previous upgrades, there will be no impact on data collection, and
any intermittent errors in the web console during the update will be
brief, lasting approximately 10 minutes.

## Feedback & Next Steps

We appreciate your continued support and patience as we strive to enhance
your experience with our platform. If you have any questions or concerns,
please don't hesitate to reach out.
